A primitive embryo with an embryonic pole
which is an assimilating pole
and it will always, always enter the mucosa,
always through this pole.
Here I have drawn the uterine mucosa.
We see here the embryo, really with these cells that are
information sensors.
Why? Because at the level of this cell here, there is a layer.
cells. So, this, it's called, what do we call this cavity
? Blastocyst. This layer here, it's called
what? The embryonic knob.
And then, right at the front here, just here, what we're going to call the
cells, we're going to take a slightly Chinese name, it
will be called the syncytiotrophoblast.
In situ, that means there is lytic activity, so
a sitting activity.
Either the mucosa is not ready, we don't want to welcome,
we are not ready.
Or, and this is very frequent, the embryo is not strong enough.
Because very frequently, in the early stages,
miscarriages that happen before, there can be anomalies.
and very frequently at this level
these are the first miscarriages
it's that the embryo is not strong enough
it will arrive
it will give and so it's already this strength
if this strength is not powerful
if the metabolism is not powerful enough
if the animation
the soul
has not received this power
we will not be able to
enter the mucosa
and naturally it will be eliminated
and that's a syncytiotrophoblast
They will release an acid here, to the
point that it will be an aggression for the mucosa.
That is to say, the mucosa that it has, it will, it's as if you pour acid,
there.
So the system, it can start to...
Me, I need to go and get into my warm nest.
First, we're going to see a little animated drawing.
and there I would like you to observe what is happening
because we're going to see it as a couple
and another film where we're going to see it
not as a couple but more in reality
and it's an important moment in your life
because it's almost an incarnation
it's almost the moment when we want to incarnate
because we enter the flesh, we enter the mother's mucosa, we enter the... we incarnate, we enter really into the earth. Very early on, we have what are called cellular junctions and these cellular junctions will be dependent on a substance called calcium. That's why the adherent cells are called cadherins, which are calcium ions, which give the cohesive force. The moment we arrive in the uterine mucosa, the embryo has completed its journey, we see that there is a zone of concentrated cells and in front of this concentrated cell zone, we have a small layer of cells that will change their name, these will be called the syncytiotrophoblast, which means that we have a lytic activity, they will enter, literally release an acid and enter the mucosa, it's really an aggression, to the point that it causes micro-bleeding, to the same point that it causes a micro-scar at the level of the uterus, the implantation zone, and to the same point that it can cause confusion about the dates of the last period. Sometimes the woman, she says, oh, I had, on the sixth day, she says, oh, I had some bleeding, maybe that can lead to... a confusion. What we observe is that we always enter through the assimilating pole and in a straight line. Never crooked, there is no deviation, otherwise it risks not entering. Why does it enter? Because at that moment, there is a metabolic field, there is a very, very powerful absorption that comes to seek the will to live. It's really a search for life. I accept life, I want to live. I release my acid and I try my luck to enter if I have enough power to do so. So it's both, it's really almost a choice of the soul, if you will, to incarnate. So first, it enters well through the pole we call the micromeres. And there, we're going to look at this image now. You see, we see what is called... I see the cells we call the embryonic knob. And we see here the cells that are there, which we call the syncytiotrophoblast. And the liquid that flows is the syncytiotrophoblast. Which really gnaws and enters the mucosa. And in the mucosa here, we see that it is rich. It is swollen, it is rich in vessels, in arteries. in small uterine glands, etc. to welcome and nourish the zygote that arrives. And watch what happens. One, it enters completely into the mucosa. Secondly, the moment it enters, we see that there are all the cells that are around here. Gentlemen, look now that the embryo, we see that it is here. And what did you see? We see a small cavity appearing in the embryo. Look, rewind. Tac, no cavity. The moment I enter, hop, a cavity appears here. You see? You see the small cavity there. It appears, I enter completely and what else do we see, look there here we really see that there is a differentiation between cells that are here and cells that are there that is to say that there are cells that are facing the cavity that appears and this small cavity it is called the primitive amniotic cavity and here we see cells that are forming around this cavity so the cells that are facing the amniotic cavity are the epiblastic cells. The cells that are facing the blastocyst cavity are the future hypoblastic cells. In other words, it means that these are future endodermal type cells. One that faces the amniotic cavity which is here. Two, the others face the blastocyst cavity. These cells here will later participate in the formation of another cavity I will explain this to you it will be a little more difficult to understand we will go a little further into this amniotic cavity. For me what is important is that you imagine that at that moment I already have a cellular differentiation that appears. These are already cells that are facing this cavity and behind them are cells that are facing another cavity. And so what we must reflect on is that I have two cavities that appear, two layers of cells. Everything that will be hypoblastic will give rise to the future digestive system. And everything that will be epiblastic will give rise to the future neuronal system. So, let's look a little at the mechanism a little more subtle. I'm hungry, you know. I need to eat. So, I arrive. But we are always in these processes. Don't forget, what happens already at that moment, you remember what we saw this morning, I inform myself, I inform my friend who informs here my girlfriend who informs you there and everything, you see, and at the same time we had seen that if I jumped off the building, there would only be liquid left of me on the ground. Well, you imagine here now the cell enters, I am the cell, I enter here but there I have a constraint now I enter like butter, into this mucosa. I enter there, I will release a little acid, I will try to push, I will lie down in there. So the cells that are there, initially, they receive trophic information, no problem. The cells that are behind here, are still nourished by the amniotic cavity of the blastocyst, no problem. But the cells that are in the center, they start to be compressed, deficient in food, They were already there, at the end, you see, at the level of the membrane. Well, what happens? We see appearing here, all of a sudden, the cells of the membrane that disappear. You see? And what remains? It's an exudate. What will remain is a small cellular exudate that appears here. And this cellular exudate... It is simply the outline of the primitive amniotic cavity. But don't forget that there is always already a growth process. What will this amniotic cavity become? Firstly, externally, it will eventually become what is called the bag of waters. Primitive amniotic cavity, look how it will evolve. It will completely envelop the embryo, completely surrounded. And then all of that is amniotic cavity. And in the end, I swim in this cavity and I am bathed and we will see that later, it will grow in a different way because there are cells that will take on names, that will become amnions, that will start to nourish, to make it grow. But another thing, what kind of tissue do I have here? Epiblastic cells. You see? Look. Epiblastic. and there, hypoblastic and the epiblastic cells what will they become? the nervous system and your nervous system at first it's a layer of cells called the neural plate and above, what do I have of the neural plate? what kind of liquid is it? amniotic fluid that will be taken in the closure of my neural groove, which we will see tomorrow in detail, or the day after tomorrow, I don't know anymore, like that, which will completely enclose a liquid inside your brain. And what will this liquid be called? The liquid, it's, it will be necessary, I mean, which comes, in fact, from the amniotic cavity. So, not only inside the depth of your being, because, frankly, this cavity is deep, we forget that we have this liquid in us there, you have your ventricular system and that you have this liquid completely in the center of you, a small phylogne like that, completely in the center of you, is that okay? It's already amniotic fluid. And completely outside of you, what is it? It's amniotic fluid. And besides, when you have an embryo at that stage, what do you do? It's amniotic fluid. you drink liquid, you drink liquid, you inform yourself completely, why? Because it's a constellating liquid, it's a completely autocrine, paracrine liquid, you inform yourself completely, you inform yourself of internal pressure, of pressure here, and as if by chance, we will see later, that it is the integration of your coelom, so the closure of your peritoneal cavity, the to do at the same time as the closure of your neural tube. These are synchronicities, specific inductions. It will happen at the same time. Here, it's still a zygote. But the fetus appears when the primitive axial process, that is to say the establishment of gastrulation. There, there is a fetal form. This is a small zygote that it has. The rest, we are in the lunar landscape, of the woman, but with a rich earth in mucosa, rich in glands, in nourishment. And that's where we're going to make this moment, this choice where I can enter my mucosa. We see that it tries to adhere, to enter, there, it starts to send... How do you say that? Acid. It's a bit... You see? There is a very important metabolic activity. And now, everyone, look here, even gentlemen over there, look, look closely. I enter the mucosa. Eighth day, amniotic cavity. We see a pressure appearing here on the right, a pressure on the left. And that's what creates a pressure force that is here. That's where this amniotic cavity will appear. And that's where, when I have this embryonic knob, the moment I have this cavity, I have cells that organize and orient themselves. towards my amniotic cavity and cells that organize and orient themselves towards my vitelline cavity and that's where I have the appearance of an epiblast and a hypoblast it's already there that I have a stage where I can say that I have a digestive type phase and a digestive tissue that is preparing and a neurological type tissue